This is a configured/tweaked project, meant to build with the open-source
toolchain and BSD licensed drivers from STMicro.

Dependencies:
    - STM32CubeF4: (from STMicro) That is the source of this original project.
    - gcc-arm-none-embedded: The official ARM Embedded GCC toolchain
    - st-linkv2: From a Github repo. 
    
    Install st-linkv2. /configure, make, sudo make install. Some extra udev
    rules will need to be added. They are in the source directory; read the
    READMEs and then copy the necessary rules.
    
    Install gcc-arm-none-embedded using the build scripts provided. Check
    ARM's documentation on the matter. Know that the scripts are meant for
    Ubuntu and might break. There are pretty good resources out there on 
    tweaking the build scripts for your platform. Mostly, all that tends to
    break is the documentation. Who needs that anyway?
    
    Extract STM32CubeF4. That's it.

The Makefile expects the following setup:
    
    arm-none-eabi-(binutils/gcc) in path
    STM32CubeF4 drivers in /opt/cross/stm32f4/Drivers
    Project root in $(HOME)/embedded-tools/projects/Nucleo-1
    
    All of these roots are easily changed in the Makefile.
    
Building and loading

    start st-util in an extra terminal and let it run
    
    make
    
    make debug
    
    at the gdb prompt, continue
    
    ctrl-c and q to quit.
    
    The dependency resolution of the Makefile is a joke right now. Make cleans
    are highly recommended for major changes.
    
Configuring and extending
    Copy the project, then change the project root and you should be good to go.

    In the Makefile, additional abstraction features from STMicro can be 
    turned on and off by commenting the line for INCLUDE_DIRS+= and removing
    it from ALL_OBJECTS=
    
    It's recommended to at least use CMSIS in your projects, otherwise you
    are probably crazy.
    
Changing the board:
    Change the BSP_BOARD_NAME. It gets embedded into the path to the BSP stuff,
    so make sure it's the exact right name.
    
Changing the device:
    Change DEVICE_ID. Also write a new linker script. Godspeed.
    
License info:
    Everything I wrote is related to this project (Makefile, linker script) is
    released under a BSD 3-clause license. As far as I can tell, all of
    STMicro's stuff is also released under a BSD 3-Clause license, so everything
    that the Makefile pulls in should be 100% free BSD code.